style(formatting): removing platform from introduction section (#1589)
camunda/camunda-docs-manual: content/installation/full/wls/manual.md

1. Open the Oracle WebLogic Server Administration Console.
2. Navigate to the **"Domain structure / YOUR_DOMAIN / Deployments"** page.
3. Select the **"Install"** button.
4. Using the File Browser, select the `camunda-oracle-weblogic-ear-$PLATFORM_VERSION.ear` from the modules folder of Camunda for Oracle WebLogic Application Server distribution and continue to the **"Next"** page.
5. Select **"Install this deployment as an application"** and continue to the **"Next"** page.
6. Fill in `camunda-bpm-platform` as name for the enterprise application deployment.
{{< note title="Heads Up!" class="info" >}}
The names of the [JNDI Bindings for Camunda Services]({{< ref "/user-guide/runtime-container-integration/jndi-bindings-for-bpmn-platform-services.md" >}}) consist of the name of the enterprise application deployment.

**Please note:** If you change the name of the enterprise application deployment, the JNDI names change as well.
{{< /note >}}
{{< img src="../img/ear-name.png" title="EAR Name" >}}

> 1. Continue to the **"Next"** page.
> 2. Select **"Yes, take me to the deployment's configuration screen"** and click the **"Finish"** button to complete the installation.
> 3. (optional) [Configure location of the bpm-platform.xml file]({{< ref "/reference/deployment-descriptors/descriptors/bpm-platform-xml.md#configure-location-of-the-bpm-platform-xml-file" >}}).

Reviewer: Looks like this was an editor linting add that you don't want to happen
```suggestion
7. Continue to the **"Next"** page.
8. Select **"Yes, take me to the deployment's configuration screen"** and click the **"Finish"** button to complete the installation.
9. (optional) [Configure location of the bpm-platform.xml file]({{< ref "/reference/deployment-descriptors/descriptors/bpm-platform-xml.md#configure-location-of-the-bpm-platform-xml-file" >}}).
```
